all righty chef buck here and today
we're gonna cook us up a China masala
which is an Indian style chickpea dish
super delicious super easy give it a try
you're gonna love it heat your skillet
up on medium-high and we're going to add
about a tablespoon and a half of olive
oil and once that's heated up we'll
throw up cumin seeds in there and then a
little bit of asafoetida just a wee
little bit if you don't have a sativa
that's alright you know you don't have
to use it but if you love Indian cooking
you want to get a hold of some of this
acid Patito it's a super pungent spice
and angular lime and the stuff flat-out
stinks you know the reason it's called
asafoetida is because it smells like ass
but you know when it cooks it just
totally transforms we're going to throw
in some chickpea flour you know what
this is going to do it's going to soak
up that oil you know we're going to push
it around get it a little thick and
brown and then we're going to add one
can of diced tomatoes now I like to use
canned tomatoes when I'm doing most of
the Indian dishes I cook I use a canned
chickpeas and canned tomatoes you know
because they're right there in the
cabinet you know I can just boom you
know if I'm in a fix you know if I need
to cook something quick for dinner
Indian food is a great option
now it's East Tomatoes start to cook
down a little bit I like to beat them up
with the spoon you know smash them down
a little bit you can blend them before
you put them in there if you wanted to
but I don't think it's necessary now I'm
going to go ahead and add my minced
garlic and ginger and stir that around
for about a minute man it smells
fantastic you know this is such a great
dish
when I add my chili powder and tumeric
you know the chili powder gives it a
nice little kick you know you can make
it as hot or mild as you want but I like
I like a little bit of heat so I'm going
to add a hot pepper in here too but
there's a million variations of this
dish so definitely play around with it
throw your chickpeas in there and give
those a few minutes turn those around
and let that cook up a little bit add
you some salt to taste and then a little
bit of garam masala now the word masala
just means a collection of spices you
know and I guarantee I'll you know you
can get those in most US groceries now
as a cos Indian cooking is so popular
and garam masala is kind of a sweet
combination it's got some cardamom some
cinnamon some cloves fennel black pepper
you know all sorts of things there's all
kinds of varieties of it now I have one
cup of water into the mix get that
stirred up and we'll raise the
temperature you know we'll bring the
dish to a bubble then we'll reduce it
down to a simmer throw a lid on there
and let it simmer away for about ten
minutes now chickpeas are going to be
softened up and you can take a fork and
go ahead and start to mash some of them
down a little bit but I like to go ahead
and grab my little potato masher and
just randomly crush some of those
chickpeas up you know that add that adds
kind of a nice thickness to the dish and
Plus as with simmers away and you know
once we get it off the heat because we
put that flour in there earlier that's
going to help to thicken it up so just
go ahead and stir it around for a few
minutes and there you go China masala
man this dish is so easy it's so quick
to make you know it's a great
introduction to Indian cooking so give
it a try and let me know what you think
ma'am and Bon Appetit